                               QUICKSTART

  Unzip the archive to a directory. Make sure you unzip as root or sudo,
so the extraction preserves permissions. (suids) Change to the newly created
directory. (comlin/comlin-xxx [xxx being the version of the project])

 Type 'make detect' (without the quotes), and follow the prompts. You may 
need to insert your new jump drive in response to the prompts. The script 
will establish which device is your USB jump drive.

 Anything further formats drives, partitions etc .. exercise due care.

  Type 'make new' to  partition and format the USB jump drive. When finished, 
the script will prompt you to remove and reinsert the jump drive. 

  Type 'make copyusb' to copy the Linux system files onto the jump drive. May
take some time to shift several gigs of data. (Remember, it is a complete 
system. [see Timings section for details]) When ready, type 'make syslin' 
to install the bootable parts. 

  Finally, type 'make unmount' and your jump drive is ready. 

  To boot a computer from a jump drive, set the BIOS for 'USB DOS'/ Emulation, 
and set the 'Boot Device' to the USB drive. (Different BIOS-es use different
wordings, so follow the instructions above loosely)

 Congratulations, you now have a low cost solid state computer, that works at 
the same speed as a hard drive installation. (or faster) The USB drive is 
safe to use in any computer, as it does not mount anyhing without explicit
request. It does however auto mount inserted removables. (CD, DVD, USB, FW)

 For the really impatient, type:

  make detect  (and follow the propts)
  su root -c "make doall"

 Optionally, you can order a ready made jump drive. 
See the SourceForge project page for details.

 Timings:  (on a 3GHz AMD)

 Unpacking the archive will run about 9 minutes
 Creating the jump drive will run about 31 Minutes

To create a new distro:

 The pack.sh script will run about 17 minutes
 The 'make getusb' will run about xx minutes

    This project is funded by donations. Please consider donating
    on PayPal to the account of peterglen99@gmail.com.

