                             TECHNOLOGIES       

 Community Linux relies on open source technologies. Naturally, in that
same spirit, we shared our additions to it. Below, is a short description
of the technologies we added, and the reasons for it.

1.) Runlevel less operation.

 The (older) kernel refused to accept the jump drive as a root device. So we 
never transfer contol back to process 1. The result of this, we maintain 
OS state in shell scripts. Thanks to the designers of the kernel, it is
stateless, the user space maintains the concept of run levels, in our case,
no run levels. In the current (and later) version, we use the new init shell
script method, and kept the runlevel less operation.

2.) Listeners.

  Because there are no runlevels, we added some listeners to compensate 
for the lack of runlevel messages. There are listeners for removable drives,
 media change, the power switch, and some other minor events.

3.) Wireless.

  The wireless utility is updated to use the new 80211 stack, iw and family.
The wireless front end is the  standard Gnome frontend. 

4.) Utilities.

 Utilities that require root access are now pre-pended with a graphical (GUI)
 sudo called 'beesu'.

5.) One user operation.

 Community Linux is desined to run as a personal class unix, only one user
is created. This in in harmony with typical on-line computing, as the 
user name / password is maintained in the online realm.

  Naturally, multiple users can be created, but they are not needed, as 
user privacy is achived by encrypted file/dir access. This also reinforces 
Community Linux as a personal class operating system. The default user 
is in the sudoers file, so one can administer the system with the 
sudo utility. (or beesu for GUI)

 The initial pass is 'user1234' (without the quotes) The root user is 
enabled, and the intial pass for root is 'admin1234'. Make sure you 
change these passes before real life deployment.

6.) Encrypted directory.

  The directory ~/encrypted/documents is a pre-set encrypted folder. The 
initial pass is '1234' (without the quotes) Make sure you change this
pass before using it for real data.

